- Init
This is my development journal for my Brit Lit game.
This is actually akin to something called a game jam, where there's a strict time limit and you have to make a game fitting a theme.
I've wanted to do one of those for a while, though I might've weaseled my way around the time limit ;).
I didn't actually realize this game was due today, I went home during lunch to work on it.
It's not something that I could've done in school easily.
I'll be filling in more entries as I continue to work on this
for now it's time for another cup of coffee.

On The UI
A lot of people talk about diagetic elements in user interface -
that is, the user interface being a part of the games world
the user interface being elements on screen telling you your health for instance
as opposed to user interface elements being plastered on your screen,
like a timer at the top of your screen vs a watch that your character actually checks

There's this game called System Shock that started doing something interesting with user interfaces though
It made the game a part of the user interface - not the other way around.
I hope I'm able to explore that idea further in this game
especially since I dont really have time to make many visual elements.

- 15 minutes
Bits On Gameplay
Task based gameplay is not an idea that Among Us came up with.
If anyone other than Mrs Flynn reads this, they'll have heard of that game.
It only popularized the idea.
Sometimes I'll watch video essays to kill time, and in one of those, someone went in depth on several games with these mechanics.
Hearing about games and watching them are both very different than playing them,
 but I trust that this person expounded sufficiently on the aspects relevant to the topic at hand.
 Anyways, he talked about how tasks condition the player to keep on playing.
 To literally keep them focused on the task at hand
 and how it makes them let their guard down.


- Saturday
The game's unofficial deadline is in two days.
When ever im brainstorming for the game I cant stop pacing.
Between pacing, biking, and standing while I work
At some point I wont be able to do any of them.
Writing this game in Rust instead of a game engine is making my life so much more difficult
It's not worth the grade.
Worst part is that I'm probably getting late points off.
But it is worth both the product and the practice